docs: update mm documentation (#236)
yetanotherco/yet-another-bridge: docs/mm_bot/architecture.md

![architecture.png](images/architecture.png)

> An `Orders Processor`  is needed to process the orders for each L2.

Reviewer: I think this explains better the 1-1 relationship between Orders Processor and L2.
```suggestion
One `Orders Processor` is needed to process the orders for each L2.
```

> For processing the orders from a specific L2 is needed an `Orders Processor` for each L2.

Reviewer 2: For clarity

```suggestion
An `Orders Processor`  is needed to process the orders for each L2.
```

> For processing the orders from a specific L2 is needed an `Orders Processor` for each L2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For processing the orders from a specific L2, a different `Orders Processor` is needed for each L2.
```

Each `Orders Processor` has an `Orders Indexer` and an `Order Executor`.

> The `Orders Indexer` is responsible for indexing the orders from the L2 Escrow. It indexes orders by reading Escrow's events, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Orders Indexer` is responsible for indexing the orders made on the L2 Escrow. It indexes orders by reading Escrow's events, 
```

> The `Orders Indexer` is responsible for indexing the orders from the L2 Escrow. It indexes orders reading the events, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Orders Indexer` is responsible for indexing the orders from the L2 Escrow. It indexes orders by reading Escrow's events, 
```

and when it finds a new order, it stores it in the database. Then, `Orders Processor` is able to assign the new order 
to an `Order Executor`.

> The `Order Executor` is responsible for processing and individual order. It means, it will transfer the funds to the 

Reviewer 2: Typo and -> an

```suggestion
The `Order Executor` is responsible for processing an individual order. It means, it will transfer the funds to the 
```

> The `Order Executor` is responsible for processing and individual order. It means, it will transfer the funds to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Order Executor` is responsible for processing an individual order. This means, it will transfer the funds to the 
```

> recipient in L1 and claim the funds in the L2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recipient in L1 and claim the funds in L2.
```

To ensure that the orders are not lost, the bot has an `Accepted Blocks Processor` that indexes the orders that belong

> to already accepted blocks, and stores them in the database. This way, if the `Orders Processor` loses an order, it will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to already accepted blocks, and stores them in the database. This way, if the `Orders Processor` looses an order, it will be
```

> to accepted blocks and stores them in the database. This way, if the `Orders Processor` loses an order, it will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to already accepted blocks, and stores them in the database. This way, if the `Orders Processor` loses an order, it will be
```

captured and processed by the `Accepted Blocks Processor`.

The bot has a `Failed Orders Processor` that is responsible for retrying the failed orders. When an order fails, the bot

> stores the error, and marks the order as failed. This way, the `Failed Orders Processor` is able to retry the failed orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stores the error, and marks the order as failed. This way, the `Failed Orders Processor` will be able to retry any failed order.
```

> An important aspect of the bot is that it must be able to process multiple orders at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important aspect of this bot is that it must be able to process multiple orders at the same time.
```

For that reason, the bot uses the library 'asyncio' to handle orders concurrently. This approach, 
preferred over using threads, is particularly suitable for the bot's I/O-bound nature and the potential 
high volume of orders it could potentially need to manage.

Another important requirement is that the bot must have a reliable network connection to communicate

> with Ethereum's and L2 networks' RPCs. So, the bot has two RPC provider for each network. If the primary

Reviewer 2: typo: provider -> providers

```suggestion
with Ethereum's and L2 networks' RPCs. So, the bot has two RPC providers for each network. If the primary
```

> with Ethereum's and L2 networks' RPCs. So, the bot has two RPC provider for each network. If the primary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Ethereum's and the L2 networks' RPCs. Accordingly, the bot has two RPC providers for each network. If the primary
```

provider fails, the bot will switch to the secondary provider.

## Physical View

> There is a server to run the MM Bot Main Process.
> 
> There are two servers for the database, one for the main database and another for a read replica.
> The read replica is for external applications like explorers, so they don't affect the main database performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server is needed to run the MM Bot's Main Process.

Also, two servers are needed for the database, one for the main database and another one to act as its read replica.
This read replica is for external applications, like explorers, so that these don't affect the main database's performance and/or implicate any security concerns.
```

> This read replica is for external applications, like explorers, so that these don't affect the main database's performance and/or implicate any security concerns.

Reviewer: Added another read-replica usage example to improve sentance flow
```suggestion
This read replica is for external applications, like transaction explorers or data analyzers, so that these don't affect the main database's performance and/or implicate any security concerns.
```
